Construction notes:
  - will have 
    - 5 headed pyrohydro
    - wererats
    - wandering NPC party
    - carnivorous apes
    - several rust monsters wandering the halls
    - hell hounds
    - giant snake
    - shadows
    - ghasts
    - grimlocks - small raiding party
 There is a mage doing active experiments. Some of the apes are working with him, others are looking to escape

4-01 : room that leads up to room 1-49.
     Very ornate room.
4-02 : Entry room, large brass doors on either side of a central, 
     one way window. Looks out into the foyer

4-03 : foyer, large quartz doors opposite the bronze
     most creatures on this level can't get through the quartz
     doors

4-A : Display case with rather pedestrian taxidermy

4-B : Display case with slightly abnormal taxidermy. Reptile heads on
    mammals, bird heads on reptiles, and mammal heads on fish.

4-C : Display case with normal taxidermy of fantastical beasts like
    goblins and kobolds

4-D : Display case with slightly abnormal taxidermy. Like goblin heads
    on kobolds and such.

4-E : Taxidermy of creatures that haven't been seen before by anyone

4-F : Doors to "science rooms"

4-04 : Mad Scientist body guard room

4-05 : Observation site

4-06 : Mad Science assistant room

4-07 : Mad Science assistant room

4-08 : Observation room
     Notes and books fill the room. Subjects in room 4-07 are
     observed through this room. A double barred door leads from
     this room into a small cell with a one way window peering
     into room 4-07.

     The secret door as imperceptible viewing slots to see if there
     is anyone in the room.

4-09 : Holding room
     Test subjects are placed with the room. Locked and barred
     door is the only way in or out. Various methods of restraints
     are found in the room

4-10 : Secret Observation room
     A secret door from 4-06 leads to this room. Once in the room
     the door back to the main Observation room is behind a book
     case. The door to the secret observation cell is behind a 
     drapery.

     This is also filled with notes.

     The observation cell is a magicked viewing portal. The
     holding room side looks like a plain, stone wall. It is
     magicked to not show any magic dweomer. Only a roll of 01
     will hint the slightly magical aura.

     The door to the other secret door is behind a desk that 
     rotates. The secret door has impercptible viewing slots
     to see if there might be anything on the other side of the door.

4-11 : Science lab

4-12 : Science lab stores

4-13 : Mad Scientist bed room

4-14 : Mad Scientist library

4-15 : Some rome

4-16 : Some rome

4-17 : Some rome

Very likely to encounter wandering monsters. Check every 2 turns.
1 in 6 chance.

Wandering monster

1   : NPC Party
2-4 : Snake
5-8 : Rust monster
 9  : Grimlock raidign party
10  : Carnivorous Ape
11  : hell hound
12  : Giant rats
